Writeup File
Homework 4 Link:http://cs-server.usc.edu:2345/CodeIgniter/index.php/site
Homework 2 Link:http://cs-server.usc.edu:2345/hw2/login1.php
phpmyadmin link:http://cs-server.usc.edu:2345/phpMyAdmin/index.php
This website is the client side of a website using CodeIgniter MVC Framework.I have used 6 tables customer,order,orderdetail,product,productcategory,specialsales
Responsive Web Design is implemented by jQuery Mobile with HTC One V phone with CodeIgniter User Agent Library.
Usernames and passwords for hw4
User 1.Username:manan Password:manan2
Usernames and passwords for hw2 for manager reports
Manager.Username:abhishanga	Password:ali17
Admin Username:namrata Password:456
Sales Manager Username:aardraa Password:781
Files for uploading pictures are in the Pictures Folder.
1.Customer
customerid	int(11)-primary key
username	varchar(255)-username of user	
password	varchar(255)-password of user	
firstname	varchar(255)-first name	
lastname	varchar(255)-last name	
age	int(11)-age		
email	varchar(255)-e-mail	
phone	int(11)-phone number
2.Order
orderid	int(11)	-order id		
customerid	int(11)-customer id			
totalcost	int(11)-total cost			
billingaddress	varchar(255)-billing address
shippingaddress	varchar(255)-shipping address
date	date-date of order
3.Order Detail
orderid	int(11)		-order id	
productid	int(11)-product id		
productprice	int(11)-product price		
productquantity	int(11)-product quantity	
4.Product
productid	int(11)	-primary key	
productcategoryid	int(11)	-foreign key in product category table		
productname	varchar(255)	-product name
productimage	varchar(255)-product image	
productprice int(11)	-product price
5.Product Category
productcategoryid	int(11)	-primary key in product category table	
productcategoryname	varchar(255)	-product category name
6.Special Sales
specialsalesid	int(11)	-primary key		
productid	int(11)	-foreign key in product table		
startdate	date	- start date	
enddate	date	-end date		
discount	int(11)	-discount


Files(HW4)
Controllers:
billing-Controller page which saves order summary of the products bought and also stored the users credit card information,billing and shipping address in save order.
cart-Controller saves the shopping cart wherein a user adds,deletes and changes his order.
main-Controller for changing username data,order and orderdetail summary when a user logs in.
products-Controller contains all the products available.It also has the method for the search function.
site-Controller Functions for login,login validation,signup,signup validations,loading of product category and special sales pages.

Models:
billing_model-Model for inserting data for saved order.
cart_model-Model functions for updating,changing and removing cart.
get_pc-Gets product category elements
get_db-Gets all products.
get_search-Functionality for search elements.
model_customer-Checks the validation for user logging in and signs up a new user.
products_model-Gets all products and gets search elements.

Views:
billing-It is the page which displays order summary of the products bought and also stored the users credit card information,billing and shipping address.
billingm-Mobile View for the page which displays order summary of the products bought and also stored the users credit card information,billing and shipping address.
cart-This page displays the shopping cart wherein a user adds,deletes and changes his order
cartm-Mobile View for page that displays the shopping cart wherein a user adds,deletes and changes his order.
fail1-Failure for displaying any search results.
products-This page contains all the products available.
productsm-Mobile View for page contains all the products available.
search-Displays all search results
searchm-Mobile view for displaying all search results.
success1-Registration Success on signup
success2-Mobile View for registration Success on signup
thank1-Thank you page for placing the order.
thank2-Mobile View for Thank you page for placing the order.
view_change-Changing user data.
view_changem-Mobile View for changing user data.
view_login-Home page for site.AJAX is implemented by jQuery in this page.
view_loginm-Mobile View for Home page for site
view_member-Welcome page when a user logs in
view_memberm-Mobile page for Welcome page when a user logs in
view_order-This shows the past orders of a user when a user clicks view past orders.
view_orderm-Mobile View for the past orders of a user when a user clicks view past orders.
view_orderdetail-Page for viewing order details of order clicked.
view_orderdetailm-Mobile View for Page for viewing order details of order clicked.
view_productcategory-It show category wise the products stored in the database.We can add items from this page to the shopping cart.
view_productcategorym-Mobile View where it show category wise the products stored in the database.We can add items from this page to the shopping cart.
view_products-This page contains all the products available.
view_productsm-Mobile View for page contains all the products available.
view_restricted-Page which a user doesnt have access to it.
view_signin-Determines whether the login is valid or invalid and displays either an error message or goes to a new page.
view_signinm-Mobile View where it Determines whether the login is valid or invalid and displays either an error message or goes to a new page.
view_signup-It is used for creating the registration for new users.It has 2 functions which checks whether the user is new or old.
view_signupm-Mobile View where it is used for creating the registration for new users.It has 2 functions which checks whether the user is new or old.
view_specialsales-Displays special sales items.
view_specialsalesm-Mobile View where it displays special sales items.
Logout has been set for 10 minutes in Config File in CodeIgniter.
SQL Injection and Cross Side Scripting are prevented by using htmlspecialchars and Active Record.

Files(HW2)
manager5.php-Contains customer sales report options where in we can type in a particular product/productcategory/order date and get corresponding orders.
Alse contains a set of options to see total product category product sales,product sales and frequently purchased products.
display6.php-Displays the result of the search result.
pcsales.php-Shows sales of a particular product category
psales.php-Shows sales of a particular product
totalsales.php-Total Sales of All product categories
freqprods1.php-Shows frequently purchased products in desceding order.
FILES(HW2)
Files
prelogin.html-Contains the upper part of the login file including the heading
postlogin.html-Contains the latter part of the page.AJAX is implemented in the terms and conditions.
login1.php-Validates the usernames and passwords from the users database and accordingly either redirects to a particular page after a sucessful login or gives an error message.
manager.php-Session time starts here.Contains buttons for selection of reports for product,productcategory,specialsales and employee.
manager1.php-Contains search criteria for employee details.
manager2.php-Contains search criteria for special sale details.
manager3.php-Contains search criteria for product details.
manager4.php-Contains search criteria for product category details.
display1.php-SQL for product search is implemented.
display2.php-SQL for employee search is implemented.
display3.php-SQL for special sales search is implemented.
display4.php-SQL for product category search is implemented.
employee.php-Session time starts here.Contains buttons for adding,changing and modifying product,productcategory and specialsales details.
addchangeproduct.php-Addition of product with price and name or modifying the existing details of product.
addchangeproductcat.php-Addition of product category name or modifying the existing details of product category.
addchangess.php-Addition of special sales with product discount,start date,end date or modifying the existing details of special sales product.
addproduct.php-SQL implementation for adding product.
addproductcat.php-SQL implementation for adding product category.
addss.php-SQL implementation for adding special sales.
changedeleteproduct.php-Radio list if change for product with price and name  or checkbox for delete.
changedeleteproductcat.php-Radio list if change for product category with name  or checkbox for delete.
changedeletess.php-Radio list if change for product with start date,end date and discount  or checkbox for delete.
changeproduct.php-SQL implementation for changing product details.
changeproductcat.php-SQL implementation for changing product category details.
changess.php-SQL implementation for changing special sales details.
deleteproduct.php-SQL implementation for deleting product details.
deleteproductcat.php-SQL implementation for deleting product category details.
deletess.php-SQL implementation for deleting special sales details.
admin.php-Session time starts here.Contains buttons for adding,changing and modifying user and user login plus product,productcategory and specialsales details.Also can search for reports.
addchangeuser.php-Addition of product with price and name or modifying the existing details of user login.
addchangeuser1.php-Addition of product category name or modifying the existing details of user details .
adduser.php-SQL implementation for adding user.
adduser1.php-SQL implementation for adding user details.
changedeleteuser.php-Radio list if change for user with username,password and usertype  or checkbox for delete.
changedeleteuser1.php-Radio list if change for user category with first name,last name,age and employeepay  or checkbox for delete.
changeuser.php-SQL implementation for changing user login details with username,password and usertype.
changeuser1.php-SQL implementation for changing user details with first name,last name,age and employeepay.
deleteuser.php-SQL implementation for deleting user login details with username,password and usertype.
deleteuser1.php-SQL implementation for deleting user details with first name,last name,age and employeepay.
logout.php-Timeout after 5minutes.Redirected to the login page.

